Aim and goal

Our team has decided to make a game as our project because we would like to concentrate on how we bring entertainment to life and create memorable moments for players. Therefore, in order to reach our aim, our team is going to reach as small as goals first. We want people to have fun, to investigate and examine the concept we bring. The game will have 6 on 8 features of fun, based on collected game design roads. This includes Fantasy, Narrative, Challenge, Fellowship, Discovery and Submission. The way players control mythical heroes or explore unknown place is undoable in real life and here is where the game is fun. It is due to the fact that they will experience things they never had before.

First of all, our game focuses on helping people to connect. This means that everyone is able to download it and play it together while they are hanging out or even they can have fun while they are staying at home. Since The Game is able to play online and allow maximum 4 people to play, every player can make friends worldwide. Especially to local-area players, when friends, brothers, family play with each other, they are developing their relationship.

The Game would like to force everyone to always come up with new ideas in order to pass the game. Particularly, each map of the game will not be hard but more challenging for players. In order to let the players feel they are smarter and more satisfied as soon as they have strategies that work. In this way they are able to compare with our team who has already finished the map before to show that there is not a way to make it.
Another goal we wanted to have in the game is compelling story. It is the story that made characters unique as they should have differentiate background, and appearance. This would add to the overall enjoyment of the game as players may feel connected to their loved characters.
At the start of every match, players begin with few supply and they will have to get income from low-level minions which sounds a bit boring. However, in reality, low-level farming is not mundane at all, many players enjoy destroying and feeling unstoppable which weak minions is suitable.
