Since Assignment 2 our team still has a lot of issues like communication, time organize, and unevenly in the mission of each member that leads to these results in quests being completed unevenly in the end though it was finished the members take time to fix it. And in Assignment 3, we can guaranty that the work will be done smoother with the timeline and the workload divided among members will be more balanced.

Skill and Jobs nè

With this project of our team and sponsored by investors, with the number of members and existing skills, it will be difficult to complete the project in the most comprehensive manner. Therefore, there will be additional memberships and skills missing to the team.

First, the group will need an artist. With the skills needed to conceptualize images, make posters, elementary skills in photo-specific applications, photo editing, and drawing software. and plot for the game. Since this project is about games, the number of images in the project and the advertising will be huge, so the artist needs a few basic skills about photoshop no need to be skillful enough to do advertising posters.

The second member the team needs is an animator. Because of making games, the amount of images and graphics is huge, so this position requires some skills such as specializing in image editing applications, drawing software, basic painting skills. like hand-drawing and sketching. Be meticulous, highly focused, have a lot of patience and teamwork as animators and artists support each other throughout the project.

The next member that is very important that the team is currently lacking and needs to be added is a project manager. With this project, the amount of work is so much that the current team's assignment skills are not appropriate and logical, not fit for each person's strengths. So the addition of a manager to assign tasks as well as take on the role of supervision, ensuring work progress is extremely necessary. For this position, it is necessary to have sufficient skills such as arrangement, logical thinking with leadership skills as well as mentoring skills at a basic level.

The last member of the team needs is a marketer for marketing. Since products are made with investment and effort, there must be a smart campaign to bring the product to market. The marketer is a bridge between our team and the customers. The skills required are creativity, understanding the product features here is the game, grasping the bowl, and analyzing social trends as well as understanding which target audience is the game product in the game this project.

Feedback


Some feedbacks on the members, according to my perspective, are as follows. In general, the members have completed the assigned work very seriously and followed the set schedule without delay and completed very evenly. The communication between the members is also better:
   + About Kultras, he takes responsibility for the code part, and it has completed a very good job, even helping other members when having trouble.

   + Secondly is Nhật. Although the individual time is very busy for Nhật, he still completes all assigned tasks, but like the last Assignment Nhật still missed group meetings sometime and the least communication to overcome and arrange the time.

   + Phong in Assignment 3 is the member who undertake the content the most and still completes it well. He also helps me a lot with my content writing.

   + As for myself, I feel that I have not done very well when I do wrong some assigned tasks, but I still try to fix and complete it within the time set, and I need to fix this rare problem.


Career Plan

My ideal job is a Full-stack. And it is a lot different from the other team member’s career. My type of job is professional in web design and programming. I have the ambition to assemble my team to undertake many big and small projects and start-up my reputation in IT by working in a company first.
