career plan

My ideal job is about to become a game developer which is a programming position. My ideal job is similar to Khoa which is also a game developer. However, Khoa is fond of a design position while developing a game. Design and programming are completely different, design is harder than programming in my opinion. Because it needs to be creative and attractive, which is the face of the product, in this case, it is the face of our game. Besides, programming is solving and connecting everything inside the product to let the product run as smoothly as possible. Although ours is different, it helps each other to get the product finished.

Comparing my ideal job with Khang's ideal job which is programmer and full-stack developer. It is both developers but these two jobs develop in different areas in the IT industry and the work is totally different. As far as I have known, Khang becomes a full-stack developer which means he is able to design and also code. Mostly, full-stack is the one working with full web which is the face of the web and manages to let it work completely. That means he will know a little bit about designing the web to attract users. Although programming and full-stack are absolutely different, we also are able to help each other by the code that we know and the solution. It can be a different language between web development and application development but it is still having the same in thinking and problem solving. 

My last partner, Phong, has the ideal job called software developer. This position is the process of everything before planning and making the product including design, programming, testing, bug fixing. This position also needs to develop and maintain the source code all the time to not let the application be too old and not suitable for the society and other devices. Therefore, Phong’s ideal job is obviously different from mine and others. The position needs to look overview everything of the process making product or the project meanwhile, my position is programming which is concentrating on only the source code in order to let the product run as well as possible. However, luckily, that his position is not pretty different at all, his position is about to help everyone to work in the perfect process and smoothly to not have any problem including the process that we are doing for our project, The Game. 
