Topic
Our first project is going to be a game. Our team will create a game to let maximum 4 people to join and have fun while they are playing with each other. Those four players will play online, thus, many people in the world can have a chance to play together. In the game, our team will create many maps in order to let the players choose whatever they want to play with their friends or they can choose it randomly. However, there will also be a story mode for those who want to play games with a little plot. In the game, there will be many kinds of enemies going on the path to destroy your place. The players are supposed to put their weapons in some place to destroy the enemies, these weapons are able to change the position later. 

Since our team came up with an idea that we would make our first game. We hope that people who spend time playing our game will have lots of different kinds of feelings, which are fun, angry, hopeful, hopeless, etc…. Because we want the players to spend time challenging themselves to get the game finished with many different strategies and get high scores. We hope that people who play this game will be able to make friends even they can not have a chance to meet each other. 

Motivation
We want to create an environment for everyone to have a chance to connect. That is the reason why we believe that The Game will be interesting enough for everyone. Moreover, nowadays, everyone tends to play games online and play with friends more than games offline and play alone. Moreover, we create this game for everyone which means streamers also can play it, meaning that we can help them to find a new game to interact with viewers. Fortunately, if we are able to make this project, we are able to show new members, if we recruit, which we can motivate them that we can make a new one like this in the future and we also can develop this game in 3D to attract more players. 

Landscape
In the market, there are a lot of games which are similar to The Game, for example Tower Defense King, Tower Defence Fantasy, Tower Defense Zone. These games are played by using the game's currency to buy weapons and place them on the way. Those games are extremely addictive because more than 5 million downloads for each, they also have the rate over 4 stars. However, those three are differently compared to our project, The Game. Because our game is supposed to be played by a group of four people to win the game. Moreover, the weapons in our game are allowed to bring it to another place. We also have maps to be chosen to play randomly to interest players in any map they want. That is the biggest difference between ours and others. In case that players who play our game do not have partners, they are able to play the story mode or play with bots. 
